Subject: Data quality findings and clarification requests

Good morning (Stakeholder name),
Hope all is well. I have conducted a detailed review of the data with the help of few scripts and 
observing the entries. In this review, I found several quality issues that may impact analysis results. 
Here is a summary of my findings.

Data Quality Issues -
1) Incosistent structring and missing attributes
    a) attributes were missing across various records in the receipt items field
    b) the structuring of these items was also very inconsistent
2) Duplicate entries in the users data
    a) over half the entries were duplicates which had to be removed
3) Non-unique barcodes in brands table
    a) barcodes were expected to be unique but duplicate entries were found
4) Non existing brands in receipts
    a) firstly 2 out of 3 entries in receipts were missing either brandcode or barcode
    b) there were also non identified instances of barcodes which were not present in the brands data
5) Ambiguous receipt status
    a) none of the receipts had a status of 'Accepted'
    b) I have proceeded with 'Finished' as its closest alternative and need your judgement on this

Requests for clarification -
1) Could you provide me with a data description dictionary for internal fields of receipt items
    and cpg collection.
2) Should barcodes be strictly unique or duplicates are to be expected?
3) Which receipt status should be used as a substitution for the 'Accepted' status?

Scaling and Production improvements -
1) If we end up storing the receipts data as it currently is, we could get issues down the line 
where we would exceed the size limit and the data may get corrupted.
2) To avoid the size limit issues, we could store it using the blob storage option which would
sacrifice performance for correct storage.
3) The best solution would be to break down the receipts data further into receipt item list and other 
receipt data which will make the data storing a bit more complex but is much better in performance 
and scaling.
4) Moving the data to cloud would be the best step to improve scaling and also integrating the cloud
benefits.

Resolving these issues and getting the requested clarifications, in particular the data dictionaries,
would help me build a more optimized and cleaner business model which will lead to faster results.
Please let me know a convenient time to schedule a discussion to address these points.

Thank you,
Bhargav Sandeep Mishal